Added the @shared webpack alias to the project (#12808)
forem/forem: docs/frontend/webpacker.md

<%= javascript_packs_with_chunks_tag "webShare", "someOtherPack", defer: true %>
```

## Webpack aliases

The project uses
[webpack aliases](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/resolve/#resolvealias).

> The aliases used in the project can be found in
> https://github.com/forem/forem/blob/master/config/webpack/environment.js#L21-L26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aliases used in the project can be found under `alias` in
https://github.com/forem/forem/blob/master/config/webpack/environment.js
```

(suggestion / not blocking) Just an idea as the line reference is already going to be out of date once this PR is merged
